Miranda knew there were things she wanted to tell Andrea, things that were important and in need of expression. Things that were easier known than said. Things that she, a grown woman, who technically has been here before, done this already, should be having no problem just saying. Yet.

Here she was, laying sated and naked next to a woman more than half her age, speechless and awed. Despite what she had thought about Andrea when she was under her employ, the young lady had quite a way with words, and seemed, quite unrestricted when it comes to sharing them. And the things she said made Miranda's skin tingle while their proof, expressed just as unabashedly through Andrea's actions, left Miranda's being, well, this was one of those things she needed to tell Andrea about but, for the first time in memory, Miranda was speechless. And not just, "Ima keep my mouth shut and watch them sweat," or "There are so many things, all so rude and blunt that even I won't say them," or "How can you even believe you are worth *any* of my energy" type of silences she usually passes off as speechless. No, this time it was a honest, "What the fuck!? I have, like, no words, to explain what my thoughts are feelings are." A few days again, while sketching out a shot, Miranda attempted to turn her feelings into lines instead over letters. What she ended up wth was quite accurate, but as lines did not become anything familiar or explainable, the sea of colors and shapes were about as abstract as Miranda was impatiently blunt, thus there's probably not another human on planet who'd understand it. Or so she thought. The next day, Miranda has suggested they spend a good part of their visit in her study, as they both had things to work on (also. the girls understood this as a work space, and would keep to themselves unless something required Miranda's attention). Andrea nodded, and followed Miranda upstairs, laptop bag in hand; however, Miranda had gathered quite a bit pf information about the girl and understood she'd looked at anything and everything not in a drawer or covered before sitting down to work. The girl really was quite nosey and had almost an impulsive need to know everything there is to know about Miranda. Sometimes she found it enduring, sometimes to was too much, sometimes it was strange and boarderline annoying, sometimes it was sexiest thing Miranda had ever seen. As they entered, she nodded, gave a short wave that some how included the entire room, and went straight to the couch on the other side of the room. Miranda [This is more words and attention that I want to give to this part] 

The next day, Miranda noticed Andrea had become still, which she thought outside of the girl's natural cap-a-bill-a-ties, and knew she most have 'found' something, that her attention had been stolen. She looked up and found the girl standing at her desk, starting, fingertips barely touching the image of Miranda's hand-drawn emotions. For three minutes she watched the girl, she noted a number of expressions float across Andrea's face, but mostly Miranda was a bit confused about why Andrea was looking it as if there was something to see. And after another thirty seconds she started to feel the need to explain it, but if she could that it would not have been needed in the first place. Andrea finally looked up, eyes easily finding Miranda's and smiled. She walked over to her, bent over, her face slightly higher than Miranda's.

When Miranda got home that night, she couldn't figure out what to do with the image. Her home was very much a space where everything has it's own place. She knew a frame was in the future, and that it would hang somewhere in her bedroom (as unexplainable as it might be, it was an honest piece of art, and quite frankly, she enjoyed the way the colors laid together), but that did not help her place it in that moment. In the end, she laid on top the seat of rarely used armchair that lived in the east corner of her bedroom.

Earlier today, while looking for prompt ideas for a winter jacket set, she found the perfect frame. And she was quite pleased to learn that she could have it delivered the next day.


### Notes to self
1. Picture drawn on Tuesday.
	It lives on the small table next to the never used chair in the east corner of her bedroom.
2. She finally finds a frame on Friday.
3. Friday night, Andrea comes over. When getting ready for bed she notices the image. she stops and stares at for a good three minutes. Miranda comes out of the bathroom, notices Andrea looking at it. Opens her mouth to explain it but realizes if she could explain it she wouldn't have need to draw it.
	Andrea looks for two minutes before Miranda comes out of the bathroom and then for another three minutes. Fingers ghosting the paper, head turning for better angles of some parts. all the while a small smile sits on her face.
	Miranda: How is she looking at it like it makes sense?
4. Andrea kisses Miranda, takes a step back, looks her in the eye and says "you should hang it up."
	Miranda smirks, "The frame should arrive tomorrow."
	"Good." Andrea kisses her again, this time it's more, there's a piece of permanent to it. Miranda's being responses and again she is speechless. This time Andrea smirks.
5. Sex it always good. Then the I started with happens.
	they are laying naked. Miranda wants to tell Andrea how she feels.
	No words. the picture, even though Andrea seems to understand some part of it, isn't enough. what's left?
	Instead Miranda gives in to a desire she's had since the first time they had sex.
6. The Touch.

((AN AFTER THOUGHT:Is this part of _Her Touch_? Read them both and see if they go together or not.
[[Her Touch | /home/sir/tales/her-touch.md]] could be Andy's side of it. Like, if once Miranda starts touching, it switches to Andy and she understands the touch, the picture Miranda painted, the lack of words.))
