Today's daily is just going to be some rambling about the `video-log` fic.

The story starts out from Andy's point-of-view. I can't remember if she's on a tour, if it's the first week of classes, or what, but she's at the lecture Miranda gives about god knows what and she's beyond impressed. Spends a great deal of her college career mentally trying to impress this Priestly woman. However, Miranda doesn't say what kind of publishing she works in, and everyone in the lecture seems to already know.

Miranda should have been busy, she should have been focused on the photos in front of her, these were the finalists for next months cover; but she had been distracted all day and when Nigel left her office only to stop at Emily's desk to chat Miranda was aware of the fact that they knew she was distracted, too.

"Has she been like this all day?" Nigel asked in a voice that most other people wouldn't be able to hear at the distance Miranda was.

"Yes." Emily sighed. There was sound of papers being moved around. "I did what you said."

"And?"

"She's looked at it every time she's walked past but she hasn't said anything."

"Surprising, isn't it?"

"Not really. Not after everything else. But it is strange."

Everyone else is gone. The floor is completely quiet and Miranda doesn't have to feel bad about being at work because her children are with their father.

The next chapter starts with Miranda sitting at Andrea's desk. Or, rather, her old desk. Miranda thought Andrea would have come clean out the space before she returned from Paris, and she might have tried, but Emily, bless her, would not allow the girl in the building, nor did she seem to think it wise or important enough clean the space out herself. Miranda wanted to be annoyed by it. All evidence of Andrea should be gone from her space, all of it. But, at the same time she was grateful. She was also hopeful, although she couldn't quite put her finger on what she was hopeful for.
