Nigel told Emily not to clean out Andy's desk. He said if Andy didn't come do it herself then let the new girl take care of it. He didn't really think Andy would come clean it herself; the way she left her position made three ways of stupid. He also knew Miranda would be ... unhappy if she had reminders of Andy in the office, and that would make everyone else's day that much worse, but really, he needed to know.

> I'm not sure how much knowledge I want Nigel and/or Emily to have... I do waht it to be know that they have a great deal more knowledge about their boss that Miranda what's to acknowledge; but I also don't want them to be the 'water-cooler' type of gossiping people.
> Nigel, of course, would have a much better understanding of Miranda in a work-related situation, but how much does he know her outside of work? People act like they are true friends, but seeing how Miranda talks to and treats her children would say they are not friends. If they were, I think she would have warned Nigel about the "maybe" losing his dream.
> Also, why does it matter if the desk is cleaned out or not? She will already have the laptop and the video journal. 
> Somewhere, while watching these videos, Miranda realizes her...


## Not for Video-Logs, but for the other one
1. Andrea still works for Miranda.
2. The maybe this is more starts at or after Paris.
3. Emily is gone, works under Nigel, maybe.
Sigh. I don't know. I'm not going to be able write this. Maybe I just need to finish the Wake-Up Call.
