They knew. Tui, Sina, and most of all Tala. They also thought Moana would grow out of it. Rarely does someone hold onto an emotion from the age of five into adutlhood. Granted, they didn't think she'd hold on to it much longer an six, because, truly, what does children know about something so complex and difficult and ... adult-like.
Honeslty. If nothing else, it would surely morph into the type of thing that's appropriate for a young child to feel for their grandmother.
All of the children in the village loved Gramma Tala. She was kind, funny, encouraing, and most of all she told the _best_ stories. And Moana watched the tales unfold from Gramma Tala's in such a way that made it feel like she could see into the older woman's imagination.  Tala assumed Moana just had a special interest in the tales, considering she was the Chosen One.
It was deeper with Moana. It was familiarly strange about the vibe Moana gave off when she was near Tala. Only so much of it could be attributed to Moana still believing after all the children had grown out Gramma Tala's tales of Ta Fiti and Maui. (The same  children who loved her tales would giggle at the thought of her being called the _Crazy Lady_ because she still believed.)
There was something about the way Moana looked at Tala. Or better yet, looked into Tala. As Moana got older the look became more intense and at 13 Tala was at a complete lost. She couldn't quite figure out what to do.
Those eyes gave birth to so many emotions; it made Tala feel honored, precious, admired, desirable, silly, fearful, excited, and seen to name a few. At times it was so overwhelming she had no idea how to handle everything floating within her so she'd start on one of Moana's favorite stories to distract the girl. And it worked to pull a good deal of Moana's attention from her Gramma, it was always lurking.
No 13 yo should have that kind of power. Or understanding. Or power.
So, Tala decided to talk to Tui and Sina. She was hoping they would have some idea of what to do or how to handle it. While she didn't want to encourage this ... thing ... she didn't want to punish Moana for feeling something so beautiful even if it was an unlikely feeling for someone her age and for an extremely unlikely person.
She loves her granddaughter. Loves spending time with her. She was the only person in the village who did have a tinge of dispect in their eyes and tone when addressing her. Even her son had it. Sina, bless her heart, could almost not count.
Yesterday, Moana had found Tala, in one of her few moments of complete peace, on the edge of the water practicing her [find the name maybe] and Moana had wanted to join her. She has asked if she join Tala, learn the dance and spend more time with her, "better time." And Moana was right, it would add to their relationship, deepen a bound that went farther than any other either of them had. Tala wasn't sure if that was the best decision for either of them.
Tala walked into Tui's [where would this conversation happen?] she didn't know what to say, but Moana made words somewhat unnecessary; by being who she was and sharing how she felt on her face and in her actions, she explained everything to her parents that Tala didnt have the words for. Moana was standing near the door, getting in a few last words with her parents when Tala walked in. Moana lit up in such way that Tala could not help but respond to, she knew she reflecting some of that joy, how could she not? It felt wonderful to be greeted in such a way, she could almost make herself forget where it really came from. Not that it mattered much, Tala's arms were open to Moana's embrace before the word "Gramma" had left her lips. Regardless of whatever confusion was floating in her mind, Tala could admit her granddaughter gave the best hugs. When the embrace was completed and they started to separate, Moana slid her hand to back of Tala's neck and pulled her into a honi. A honi that somehow felt different, new even. In that moment, as she locked eyes with Moana, she saw a new truth, and as that truth sank in, their foreheads finally touched. They rested against one another, Tala found herself unable to hide some of fear and a chill ran through her. Tala could not help but think Moana somehow had a clue about thing she was feeling and that she could see into Tala to words the grown woman didn't even have. For those countless moments, there was nothing but the two of them and a thing Tala could not understand or name. And it scared her. Moana's confidence and determination scared her. Surely, the child did not know, truly, what she was communicating to Tala or the other people who were in the room. And it was that thought that pulled Tala back to the present moment. She broke eye contact. She was the frist to pull her head back. And she felt both movements. But it was like she gave permission to everyone to start ... being again. Sina and [whoever] started a small conversation and Tui walked into the other room.
"Have a nice time at XX." Tala was slight taken back by the sound of voice, the lack of volume.
But Moana gave a small smile and asked, "Will you be her for dinner?"
Tala had decided she won't decide about dinner until she talked with Tui and Sina. Before her lack of answer became to obvious, Sina jumped in, "Of course she'll be here. Now how long are you going to make [whoever] wait?"
"Sorry, [whoever]," but she was eyeing her grandmother, who always spoke for herself. Her concern was clear, but [whoever] had already grabbed her hand started leading her out the room. "Bye Gramma."
Tala was disoientated and annoyed. No child should have that kind of power, even if she was the child chosen to save the world. Did the Sea give her the power to hold, express, and feel an emotion most adults never experience?
"Mother?" She hadn't noticed Tui came back in the room and his voice pulled her, not entirely pleasantly, back to present.
(Moana knew Gramma was coming over and stalled so she could hug Gramma before leaving.)
xxx
Sina had a pretty good understanding of what Tala wanted to talk about, the reason for this conversation wasn't lost to her; although, she wasn't expecting it to happen this soon. Whatever moment of understanding Moana had in the past week made it impossible for her to hide or cover what she felt and Sina had thought that moment would happen a little later in life, maybe when the girl reached the age of [adulthood], not now, at [whatever age when she starts dancing with Gramma]. There wasn't very many reasons for Tala to want to talk with them without Moana present, so her daughter's love for her grandmother had to be reason for the 'meeting.'
Tui and she had spoke about it a few times themselves. They really did think Moana would grow out of it. Or that it would at least morph into something childern more commonly felt for their grandmothers. Instead it had shifted, become stronger, and now, when Moana looked to her Gramma, the thing in her eyes looked a lot like what she saw when Tui look at her; only Sina could see and admit Moana had an intensity, a devotion, that Tui had yet to reach. That Sina had yet to reach.
It would be amazing to see, the way Moana looked to her Gramma, the she interacted with her, if it wasn't so unsettling.
xxx
Once they were seated, Tui tried to lighten the mood and bring his mother back from where ever it was she'd mentally gone. He knew it was a bad joke before he opened his mouth, "So, Mother, what are your intentions towards our daughter?" Because after that greeting slash goodbye, he was pretty sure his mother was starting, however slowly, to fall for Moana. 
Sina almost laughed, the laugh was more like a giggle wrapped in a sigh, laced with _no you didn't just say that, honey_.
Tala blinked and for a moment it looked like she was going to cry.
