# one

the first time Andy held Miranda's hand was a act of pure braveness. desperation and braveness. she had never seen Miranda quite so pissed before and she was actually worried about the woman's well-being. surely, this was not good for her blood pressure? and it most definitely wouldn't be good for her co-workers and she didn't have any other ideas for calming Miranda down. That imbecile had done enough talking and really, she wanted to feel bad for Kelly, but there was nothing anyone could do to save her job. Miranda was going to fire her for failing to vet this guy before putting Miranda in a room with him and she deserved it. But there was no need for this effect everyone else at _Runway_ and the only way Andy could help would be to calm Miranda down.

usually, just being around her was enough to get Miranda to relax a bit, but of course, that wasn't enough this time. oh no, it'd just be too damn easy. it took a whole four minutes of them being in the car before Andy realized her usual superpowers weren't going to be enough. and her logic said that being near her calmed Miranda down, then she needed to up the near, and, near squared was touch. she was going to touch a tripped out, beyond pissed, Miranda Priestly. she took in a deep ass breath, held for three, while she prayed she was good enough at her job to keep it if this backfired. 

she took five seconds to breathe out and spoke quietly, almost in whisper, "Miranda."

when Miranda's head turned, her eyes still filled with an honest and called for indignation dancing with fire Andy thought maybe she should have done this quietly. but she was about to invade the woman's space, and she deserved the right to say no, but she couldn't do that if she didn't see it coming. Andy gave a weak smile, glanced down to her hand and back up to meet Miranda's eye, one of which had the patented lifted eyebrow of almost doom.

When their hands actually met and Andy weaved her fingers through Miranda's there was shift in her facial expression. basally, the surprise at Andy's actions was too loud to allow for any other expression, and Andy considered that victory enough. especially since Miranda wasn't saying anything. as much as she could melt the hair off your person with a look, she enjoyed using her words when it came time to relieve someone of their position.

when Andy didn't back down, meaning she didn't let go, Miranda surprise morphed into something else, something Andy didn't have a word for. then Miranda just looked at her, hard, like Andy couldn't look away if she wanted to. for about 30 seconds there was nothing but the blue of Miranda's eyes. then, she just let go, she let Andy's eyes go, shifted in her seat and turned her attention to the window. so there they sat, on opposites sides of the back seat, looking out opposites windows, ignoring the other while holding hands and taking turns with the small but very much there movements of their thumbs.

the ride back to _Runway_ was quiet and too quick for Andy. she was torn, wondering if she should feel some type of way about how much she liked holding Miranda's hand, or about how the power of it felt, to not have Miranda reject her, to have the power to calm the woman down, to relax her. but she didn't have much time to think about that, she needed to keep up with the head rolling that happened as a result of the meeting. she also had to focus on keeping the smirk off her face as she watched only the responsible ones get torn new ones (or fired in Kelly's case) and at the lack of casualties.

# two

the second time Andy held Miranda's hand was much selfish as it was not. they had been sitting in the car for twenty minutes already (the last eight were spent not moving) and Miranda was beginning to lose her patience. tonight, Dalton was putting on a first-of-it's-kind-for-this-school musical. the students would be the actors, doing all the singing (which apparently was not a thing before, something about lip syncing), and students would be playing all of the music. Cassidy was head pianist and Caroline was head violinist, and Miranda was ten minutes from being late and a good fifteen minutes from the school.

after Miranda missed that one performance because of Miami weather, Andy spent two hours on the phone with varies power players at Dalton, talking them into setting up a streaming video of all performances, you know, for the parents who wanted to be there but couldn't. two weeks later, after getting the idea shotgunned and funded by parents, she received an email with all the information, along with a note thanking her for the idea. 

she waited for another 8 minutes before pulling out her phone and opening the email. at this point Miranda was kinda vibrating in her chair and had already made a comment or two that left Roy a little uncomfortable about his employment status. she couldn't put off any longer.

she clicked on the only link in the email and it took what felt like three minutes for site to fully load. once it was up and the only thing left to do was to hit play, she took a deep breath, held it for five, and released it in seven. 

"Miranda." she used the same small voice she had used the first time and forced herself to not be excited about feeling the woman's skin again. Miranda met her eye as her hand was sliding across the back seat, but she was distracted by Andy's phone and was slightly taken back when their hands touched.  Miranda nodded to the object that held her attention as Andy laced their fingers.

She handed her phone to Miranda and fought the desire to slide over so they could share her screen. Miranda hit play without hesitation and sucked in a breathe when the stage at Dalton appeared on the screen. of course they brought the best quality equipment they could get their hands on as that was the clearest, smoothest, balcony view Andy figured she'd ever see on her phone. 

She thought maybe Miranda would complain about the screen being too small or about how it wasn't as good as being there in person, so she thought she'd beat her to it, "I know it's not the same, but until we can get you there..." she trailed off and felt her heart stop racing, but only because it was swelling, as Miranda squeezed her hand.

Andy smiled to herself as she watched Miranda watch the beginning of the play. the tension slowly started to drain from her body. there was at least another ten minutes before they made it to the school and probably another two to five before they made it inside, but Andy knew Miranda would have her phone until she was in the auditorium.

# three

the third time Andy held Miranda's hand was probably the most selfish of the occasions, because this time there was nothing in it for Miranda, not really. this time it was because it was the only way Andy could think of to say what she wanted to say and if she really enjoyed the feel the Miranda's hand in her own, well, that was just a nice bonus. 

today had been Andy's first working lunch with Miranda. and when she says working she means every letter of it. she was sitting at a table with four other people, all pretending to eat, and most too full of themselves to realize maybe they didn't need to be talking, talking. and while she was trying to pull out the important bits of the conversation, figure out to best boil them down into a note, and then be ready for the next bit (which was more energy than she could have imagined) she had to also ignore the sights and smells around the table. Andy hadn't yet had her fifteen minute or the extremely poor meal she had yet to buy from the cafeteria, and the smells of steak and chicken and potatoes and veggies was all too much. and when that designer lady ordered a chocolate lava cake and took two bites, Andy allowed herself to get distracted enough to create a special place in hell for the woman.

Andy spent the whole time trying to be grateful, grateful for the practice (surely this'll come handy when she became a journalist), grateful for the chance to show Miranda maybe she wasn't a complete waste of space (these are some good notes); grateful her stomach did it's thing quietly; beyond fucking grateful when everyone started to stand and do their good-byes. She stood as well, ready to go, ready to eat, but Miranda was lingering.  

Andy looked around, confused as to why they were still standing there, when Miranda nodded at one of the waiters. Before Andy could say anything, Miranda looked at her and said, "I'm going to make a phone call, stay here." And walked off in normal Miranda fashion, which basically means fast as hell. She was outta sight before Andy processed the whole sentence. Next thing she knew, the waiter Miranda had nodded at was walking toward her with a tray.

he pulled her chair back out with one hand, before using to take two plates off the tray and putting them on the table. chicken parm with potates and mixed veggies and a chocolate lave cake. it looked delisous. but she didn't order it and she definitly didn't have the money for.

"sit, sit. it's all taken care of. i'll bring a box for the cake because i doubt you'll finish it." then he walked off.

so. Andy sat and eat and enjoyed of minute of it. half her meal got boxed because she started with the cake. seventeen minutes later she text message from Miranda, one word, done.

and now she was sitting next to the woman who had the small smirk but was mostly ignoring her presence and Andy needed to, wanted to, touch the woman. she shook her head, needed to thank the woman.

"Miranda." she wanted to say thank you, but when Miranda didn't face her, she didn't. instead, she slide her hand across the back seat and hid her surprise when Miranda's met her half way.

# four

this time she held Miranda's hand it was solely because she wanted to touch her. because the woman looked breathtakingly beauiful and Andy wanted to tell her that and couldn't.

Andy had been staring at her all day. like more than normal and Miranda caught her, made eye contact with her, every time. mostly because once she started looking, Andy had a hard time looking away, and while all of Miranda was stunning, Andy's eyes always lingered on her face, the curves of her chin, her hair line, her eyes. the last time Miranda caught her, she smirked, and Andy's knees went a little weak.

they had been in the car twice already that day and Andy was happy this was going to be the last time. she had been so fidgety all day, unsure of what to do with her hands and it took until they they were three minutes into the ride to realize she'd been so damn tightly wound all day because she wanted to be touching Miranda.

"Miranda." it was small, like it always is, but there was so much more being said, and she knew Miranda heard it. and this time, when she slide her hand across the back seat, Miranda did not meet her half way, but when their hands connected, Miranda laced their fingers together. 

# one

this whole trip was like a bad trip. Paris was a bad trip. Andy having sex with Christian because she realized she wanted to have sex with Miranda and couldn't. Andy having sex with Christian because Miranda didn't need her, at all. Andy trying to help, was she trying to help or was she trying to prove her worth, and failing.

Miranda had been extra queit today, and not like, no talking, because Miranda is very chatty, but like distant and not quite angry, not quite disappointed, but very much something. and that was starting to get to Andy. she was starting to think maybe she was getting fired. or worst. although, her imagination couldn't really create anything worst than getting fired at the moment because what could be worst than not following this woman around like damn puppy every day? before she could berate herself any farther, 

"Andrea."

there was a quietness to Miranda's voice she hadn't heard before, yet it was so freaking familar. but before she could place it, before she could figure out why she'd heard that tone before, Miranda explained it, she explained it by reaching out, but sliding her hand across the back seat of the car and towards Andy.

before Andy could even complete the thought, truly process what was happening, she was reaching out and feeling the pressure of Miranda's hand in her own. Miranda actually gripped her hand, making sure she couldn't let go, even if she had wanted to. Miranda wouldn't met her eye and she keep getting the feeling the woman was nervous. but she couldn't figure out why Miranda would be nervous, this luncheon would be a piece of cake for her. something she could do with her eyes closed.

ten minutes later, when they'd arrived, andy was even more confused. not only had Miranda held on the entire ride, but that emotion that Andy _knew_ was not nervousness had barely decreased and her touch didn't bring Miranda the calm it usually did.

# five

the ride from the luncheon to the show was strange. Miranda had started to talk, but she was like, justifing herself, which, how much stranger can things get because Miranda never explained herself and jusification was unheard of. yet, if Andy stilled her mind long enough, that's excalty what it sounded like Miranda was doing and Andy couldn't take it.

granted, she thought what Miranda did to Nigel was beyond shitty. and, yes, she did not care for the parelle between her own actions when it came to Emily and Miranda's recent bout of Dragonness. but even more, she couldn't stand why Miranda was doing it. and before she realized it an idea had taken shape in her head and she cut the woman off.

"Miranda." it was quiet and purposeful. it stopped the stream of words.

instead of sliding her hand across the back seat, which she watched Miranda sublty check for before meeting her eye, she just looked at the woman. she tried to see the mother, in all her facets, crying, proud, exicted, stern. she looked at the wife, tried to imgine her happy, but could only see her stuck, misplaced, longing for escape. the busniess woman, powerful, sure, impatient and rude. the artist, the genious, the hopeful creater. the editor.

slowly Andy pulled each bit out, reminding herself of the fullness of this woman, and each one, each identity, got laid out and layered by the next until they began to merge together and fill out and when she saw, acutally saw the woman in front of her, she smiled. honest, yet smile, and out of place enough for Miranda to raise an eyebrow.in return, Andy's smile grew a bit more and she placed her hand, palm up, in the middle of back seat and waited. she couldn't tell you for how long because she was distracted by the blue of Miranda's eye and how it changed, in parts, but never in whole, and morphed into about three different shades of blue. she was so caught up that she didn't see Miranda moving and the pressure of her hand on top of Andy's was almost, almost a surprise. but when both their hands made of the effort of lacing their fingers Andy's smile grew so big Miranda rolled her eyes.
